Pick Up Overview

1. The team members names and uteids if there are 2 or 3 people on the project
 
 	Cristhian Escobar (cje466)
 	Doug Goldstein (ddg625)
 	Neal Bhattarai (nb5968)

2. A list of features / use cases you completed
	
	Lets say there are 4 out of 10 Americans that wake up every
	morning thinking about possible exercising an specific sport. 
	More then likely that sport will required more then just one 
	person. It's hard to get people together to play a sport unless you 
	already a group of people. Now let me introduce you to John Doe he 
	is one out those 4 American, he is a very athletic person who 
	enjoys playing a different sport everyday, from basketball, soccer, 
	to baseball and any other sport you can think of. But he doesn't 
	know people like him that are interested in different sport all at 
	once. So this is where our application comes in. PickUp is an 
	android mobile application that enables people who shared similar 
	interest to be able to interact with each other. All John has to do 
	is create an account with PickUp and start attending/creating 
	pickup games. The way that PickUp games work is you create an new 
	game, add the game details such as the location, type of sport, 
	date and time to New Game. After everything is added, you add the 
	game to the list of events. Now the game info gets send to 
	somewhere in the cloud (Parse). Now we can take a look at the games 
	that are going on around you. Swipe to the left and you will see a 
	menu that enables you to see different types of games. For example, 
	you can see the list of events going on around you within a 10 mile 
	radius and everything is listed by distance, shorthest to longest. 
	Or you can see all the games by clicking on Upcoming games. You can 
	look at other games and click attend if you would like to attend an 
	game, in case you are the owner you can also click delete game. So 
	back to John, through this application he is now able to play the 
	sport of his choice any given day of the week as long as there are 
	games going on. He can share that with his peers and soon he will 
	have a variety of PickUp games to attend. He now lives very happyly 
	thanks PickUp app. 

3. A list of features / use cases from your application prototype 
	(assignment 3) that you did not completed

	-The map view of the events was not completed, I think that would of made the app much more user friendly. 

	-Reminder for games users clicked attend 

	I think part of the reason we were not able to finish was because 
	of the misterious SDK update that ended up affecting the entire 
	application. Our original design was to heavely on Intentds but 
	when the new update came up it forces us to switch into using 
	fragments.  


4. A list of features / use cases you added that were not part of 
	the application prototype

	-We added a beautiful slide in menu, that slides in from the left 
	or by pressing the top left button. 
	
	-We were also able to incorporate exact game locations using google 
	maps and parse. 
	
	-We added a list of games made by each user.


5. A list of the classes and major chunks of code you obtained 
	from other sources including the source. (URL and title / 
	description)

	We use the parse tutorial to be able to connect our back end 
	database and we also looked at a sample listview adapter.

	Parse Integration
	https://parse.com/apps/quickstart#parse_data/mobile/android/native/
	new

	ListView Example
	http://www.vogella.com/tutorials/AndroidListView/article.html

6. A list of the classes and major chunks of code you completed yourself

	We has a group completed the entired source code that we have, we 
	only looked at the examples online to get an idea of what was 
	necessary to to implement what we wanted. We decided to make our 
	source code public and we actually have to version of our code 
	thanks to the uodate of the sdk. 
	The source can be found in 
	https://github.com/cristhianescobar/PickUpGames

	The web ad can be found in the link below
	http://www.cs.utexas.edu/~nb5968/webad.html
 